This weapon, be careful,
But both families have to cooperate. What do you mean?
However, in this situation, I am afraid,
This weapon is dead again, I was recruited by you last time,
This time you can take it back on your own,
It's you, what are you doing?
Be careful, it's my weapon, why do you think I do why?
Killing a young girl, a woman of this status,
It’s really not me, I’m really not me, it’s really not me, it’s really not me,
It's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me, it's not me I, really not me, really not me, really not me, really not me, really not me, really not me, really not me,
Really not me, really not me, really not me, really not me, really not me, really not me,
It's really not me, really